## Designed by desert a smart stream-like crawler & etl python library
## This file was translated via Google Translate and then cleaned up as minimally as possible without adding anything.

## 1. Introduction 
etlpy is a profile-based data collection and cleaning tool.

Writing crawlers and data cleaning code is always annoying. Therefore, the code for crawling and data cleaning should be generated by the tool.  Etlpy was born to solve this problem.

ETLpy lets the programmer quickly generate a web crawler and data cleaning processes through visual and graphical design tools, save them as xml files, and parse them by the etlpy engine to get the final data results.

##2. Use 

ETLpy is very simple to use:

From etl import ETLTool
Tool = ETLTool();
tool.LoadProject('project.xml', 'Data Cleaning ETL-Popular Review');
Datas = tool.RefreshDatas();
For r in datas:
  Print(r)

The RefreshDatas function returns the generator, which automatically reads all the data through the FOR loop.

##3. Basic Principles 

Modules are divided into four types: generation, filtering, sorting, conversion, and execution.

With Python's generator, you can organize different modules, define a pipeline, and data (python's dictionary) will be processed and consumed on the pipeline.

The graphical tool was developed in C# and uses a Linq technology similar to the Python generator. The original idea comes from the s-expression of Lisp.

##4. Use 
Reptile( why reptile ?), calculation, cleaning, any data that meets certain calculation paradigms can be used to complete (ETL workflows?).
